oh shit ei have release team in a year
attackers Messi ran out of Ibrahimovic
and I'm go from 2 million coins what
packs so I better get what I've seen
people on Twitter already get them in
packs so let's not piss around if you
want to buy some coins all evil Anselmo
ga in the description and without
further ado let's open these pot and we
get no one
well she I load up Twitter for 30
seconds and some prick has already got
messy what the fuck oh oh yes that's
good Rudy ok I'm not too sure how much
he's worth but that's a good pot oh oh
oh yes oh oh Quintero actually no fuck I
got me the day before he was off a lot I
just made the same mistake he's worth
fuck-all oh oh yes at oh he's worth I
actually don't know but he's probably
worth quite a lot oh fuck say oh my god
oh my god
EA you huge bag of dildos thank you
forgive me javi fuck you for giving me
him 20 minutes or freeze no longer Team
of the Year oh my gosh she - they gave
me shit to heal Lina
here's a sick player oh oh Moya yes
that's good again he was Timor a year
I'm actually getting some good packs now
goat is good oh oh
they say that and I go and get Cavani
he's worth fuck-all when he's high ready
oh yes
at so again yeah Oh
Cesc fàbregas some guy just tweet me a
picture of him gain team of the year an
outro I'm done I am so done and I get no
red players this is bullshit here lady
again again I'm going twice oh god
brother cousin else canal skotowski and
Balotelli
that's another good part hit me with it
come on oh oh no it looked good at first
and then they're not worth anything hit
me with a team in a year come on that's
not a team of the year that's two silver
players you bastard whoa
today's I don't know how much he's worth
I think like 10k oh shit holy shit I
need to score
Nasri oh my god oh that's dead no okay
yeah okay can I get messy your Ebro an
outer anyone no calm god damn it Oh team
of the year yet but soon I will get what
I have to get one soon I'll see you guys
next time
okay guys here we go I am wagering a
team in a year player you absolute ha Oh
Oh groans I'm so done how is that
possible